a) reinvent as little as possible
, b) be backwards compatible
, c) compatible with other scripts and programs
, d) simple
, but e) also interesting for experts. All that works.

Example for compatibility (to a, b):
The selection of an entry is similar to the selection of e.g. at notepad ++
In notepad ++ you can select (last entries) as follows:
Alt + D or Alt + F (opens the file menu) and then a number (1 to 9).
This is almost the same in g_IntelliSense:
__ (opens the list) and then tap a number (1 to 9).

Example for compatibility (to a, b):
The simplest ActionLists are text files.
Just copy a text from Wikipedia into the list, done.

Example for compatibility (to a, b):
More intelligent word lists are programmable. For this purpose any script / programming language should be used. 
Currently only configured / possible for Auto Hotkey. 
For this purpose existing old word lists can be used / extended.

Example of integrability (to c):
The script does not occupy any shortcuts. It does not use a GUI. 
It always generates a suggestion list, which may be ignored. 
All configuration commands begin with __. 
Again, this could theoretically, be reconfigured, 
because even these are again simply text files that are inherited from (point e for experts).

to a) or d) intelligibility / simplicity:
The number of word lists is infinite. Word lists can inherit from each other. 
The location of a word list is well defined (e: can be changed individually).
Place = ClassName \ Window Name

whey d) simple?
all you need to remember is to type __ .

place for e) experts?
for e.g. you change the superGlobal ActionList (inherit).
for e.g. you change the global ActionList (inherit). its inside the class folder.
for e.g. you could change/programm the place to save lists by regular expressions.
for e.g. you could trigger, run your own scipts instead of using a word ... try, help, supprt, comment it. thanks :)

Why all these points? Why is that important to me? 

And it is and remains open source. 
Therefore, it must also a, b, c, d) remain as understandable as possible. 
Others should be able to improve it or even repair it. It helps me. 
You will only be able to earn money indirectly. It helps to remember and work faster, etc.

(Seeh, 02.03.2018)



